Cookies let you store user information in web pages.
Cookies are data, stored in small text files, on your computer.
When a web server has sent a web page to a browser, the connection is shut down, and the server
	forgets everything about the user.
Cookies were invented to solve the problem "how to remember information about the user":
	When a user visits a web page, his/her name can be stored in a cookie.
	Next time the user visits the page, the cookie "remembers" his/her name.


When a browser requests a web page from a server, cookies belonging to the page are added to the
request. This way the server gets the necessary data to "remember" information about users.


NOTE: This won't work if the browser has local cookies support turned off.



CREATE A COOKIE WITH JAVASCRIPT
	JavaScript can create, read, and delete cookies with the document.cookie property.

	With JavaScript, a cookie can be created like this:
		document.cookie = "username=John Doe";

	You can also add an expiry date (in UTC time). By default, the cookie is deleted when the
	browser is closed:
		document.cookie = "username=John Doe; expires=Thu, 18 Dec 2013 12:00:00 UTC";

	With a path parameter, you can tell the browser what path the cookie belongs to. By default,
	the cookie belongs to the current page.
		document.cookie = "username=John Doe; expires=Thu, 18 Dec 2013 12:00:00 UTC; path=/";



READ A COOKIE WITH JAVASCRIPT
	With JavaScript, cookies can be read like this:
		var x = document.cookie;

	NOTE: document.cookie will return all cookies in one
		  string much like: cookie1=value; cookie2=value; cookie3=value;



CHANGE A COOKIE WITH JAVASCRIPT
	With JavaScript, you can change a cookie the same way as you create it:
		document.cookie = "username=John Smith; expires=Thu, 18 Dec 2013 12:00:00 UTC; path=/";

	NOTE: The old cookie is overwritten if path is specified. Else, appended.



DELETE A COOKIE WITH JAVASCRIPT
	Just set the expires parameter to a passed date:
		document.cookie = "username=; expires=Thu, 01 Jan 1970 00:00:00 UTC; path=/;";

	NOTE: You should define the cookie path to ensure that you delete the right cookie. Some
		  browsers will not let you delete a cookie if you don't specify the path.



The Cookie String
	The document.cookie property looks like a normal text string. But it is not. Even if you write
	a whole cookie string to document.cookie, when you read it out again, you can only see the
	name-value pair of it. If you set a new cookie, older cookies are not overwritten. The new
	cookie is added to document.cookie.

	NOTE: If you want to find the value of one specified cookie, you must write a JavaScript
		  function that searches for the cookie value in the cookie string.
