1. Clone the boiler codes from the following repo:
  https://github.com/rv-npm/boiler-plate

2. 'cd' into it and remove the '.git' directory from the project.

3. Modify the 'package.json' file to configure every key-value in it.
NOTE: Be sure to verify/modify all the values else, it won't be configured properly.

4. Modify license if required.

5. Create a empty Github repo in your Github account.

6. Initialise git in the project that was cloned earlier and connect it with the
   Github remote.

7. Commit all the files as 'initial' commit and push everything on the remote master.
    (We do this initial push for setting up the repo in TravisCI and coveralls)

8. Run 'npm install' in the project.

// Choose any CI provider. In this, I am using TravisCI.
9. Create a TravisCI account and connect it the Github repo to it.
    Go to this page: https://travis-ci.com/account/repositories for more info on how to connect.

10. In the settings of the Github repo, add a protection-rule to the branch you
    want to protect from direct merges.

    Make sure to add/select the following in the protection-rules:
      Check: Required status checks to pass before merging. In that, check 'Travis CI - pull request'.
      NOTE: Required status won't appear until we make one. For eg., for pull request to appear
            in the required status for protection rule, we first need to merge a pull request in
            the repo.

      Check: Include administrators: Enforce all configured restrictions above for administrators.

    Then, save changes.

Now, CI is setup and you can start building your npm package.


Coverage:
  // Choose any 'Code-Coverage through tests' provider. In this, I am using Coveralls (https://coveralls.io/).
  1. On the coveralls website, turn on the coveralls for the desired Github repo.
  2. Now, every call to TravisCI should trigger this coverage statistics.
  3. Also, change the coverage badge in the README.md file to point to the proper repo.

  NOTE: Don't forget to add the coveralls status in the branch protection rule to ensure this check
        as well before merging.
  NOTE: Also, make sure to set the required coverage percent to pass, in the repo settings on coveralls. 
        Recommended value is 100%.
