Open Graphics Library is a cross-language, cross-platform application
programming interface for rendering 2D and 3D vector graphics.

It is just a specification.
Basically, it just lists what functions should be implemented and
what they should do or what their behavior should be.

Graphics card manufacturers are the ones that implement these specifications
when developing their graphics card drivers.

The API is typically used to interact with a graphics processing unit,
to achieve hardware-accelerated rendering.

OpenGL is cross-platform. It means that code written using it on any platform
would run on any other platform as well.

Other alternatives of OpenGL are:
    DirectX => Windows-specific
    Vulkan => cross-platform
    Metal => Apple products specific


We can directly use the OpenGL functions inside our code but some of its functions are too low level.
So, people have created some libraries that makes our lives easier. These libraries also have some
extra functionalities, like interacting with keyboard, handling mouse events, etc., which is not
provided by OpenGL.

Some of the popular ones are GLUT(Graphics Library Utility Toolkit) and GLFW(Graphics Library Framework)

GLUT is used for learning purposes(It has little more abstraction and is comparatively easier to use)
GLFW is preferred to be used in production, if they want to use OpenGL despite the fact that there are other alternatives
	of OpenGL which are far more superior than it.

GLUT:
	Based on the GLUT API.
	GLUT has been around for about as long as OpenGL itself.
	Many tutorials and examples out there use GLUT.
	Takes care of implementing the event loop and works through callbacks (good for simple stuff, makes things like precisely timed animation loops and low latency input much harder though).

GLFW:
	Designed from scratch with the experiences of other frameworks in mind.
	Gives much finer control over context creation and window attributes.
	GLFW-2 Provides basic threading support functions (thread creation, synchronization). –– removed from GLFW-3
	GLFW-2 Provides basic image file loading support. –– removed from GLFW-3
	Gives very detailed access to input devices.
	Event loop is in control of the programmer which allows for much precise timing and lower latency.
